[img_cover]: <https://wallpapercave.com/wp/wp5778303.jpg>
[img_title]: <https://www.kolpaper.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/Demon-Slayer-HD-Wallpaper.jpg>
[img_roof]: <https://wallpapercave.com/wp/wp2771916.jpg>
[img_buildings]: <https://backiee.com/static/wpdb/wallpapers/1920x1080/224213.jpg>

[snip_googl]: <https://external-preview.redd.it/NyXhW7l2MM4dHWlepqeomrOONGpuvLZl6UBLpUHH8Vc.png?width=960&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=f031eb6c6280a94e42737be8fbcec9ab9de9a8d9>

[Wesly]: 5964
[Janice]: 7036
[Mr. X]: 6156
[Cross]: 7204

`cover`: [img_cover]
# Wanted (Demo Episode) 

`bgimage`: [img_roof]

### The Office

> N: Our story begins in the busy offices of New York. Nothing beyond the ordinary, but our protagonist is feeling a bit down more than his daily dose of depression.

> R?|Wesly: It's my anorexic boss's birthday. This means there's a certain amount of inter-office pressure to stand around the conference table, eating crappy food pretending to worship her. 
> L|Janice: #Nom nom nom!
> X|Janice
> R?|Wesly: Acting for five minutes like Janice doesn't make all our lives miserable is the hardest work i'll do all day. My job title is Account Manager. I used to be called an Account Service Representative. But a consultant told us we need to manage our clients and not service them. I find it hard to care about anything these days. In fact the only thing that I care about is the fact that I can't care about anything. Seriously, it worries me.
> R|Wesly: My name is Wesly Gibson.

`imgpop`: [snip_googl]

> R|Wesly: My dad walked out of my mom when I was 7 days old. Sometimes I wonder if he ever looked at my baby blue eyes and and asked himself. 

`imgpop`: []

> X|Wesley

`bgimage`: [img_buildings]

> N: Did I just father the most insignificant assh*le of the 21st century?"


### Mr. X

> E|L: thud!
> E|C: thud!
> E|R: thud!
> E|R: thump!
> E|C: CRASH!
> E|C: KABOOM!
> N: Phone ringing...
> E|R: beeeep!

> R|Mr. X: No one leaves the fraternity Cross.
> L??|Cross: I have a new perspective for the fraternity.
> R|Mr. X: You don't destroy something that's been around for a thousand years.
> L??|Cross: It's already destroyed. He broke the code, I have to stop this.
> R|Mr. X: Really...
> L??|Cross: You know this.
> R|Mr. X: So why don't you face me yourself? Never send sheep to kill a wolf.
> L|Cross: They were just the decoys.
> E|C: Shwooop!
> R|Mr. X: #Uhhhngg!
> X|

`bgimage`: [#000]

> N: To be continued...