[img_cover]: <https://getwallpapers.com/wallpaper/full/3/6/7/95105.jpg>
[img_praire]: <https://www.ricedigital.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/%C3%B6w%C3%AEi.jpg>
[img_town]: <https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/shingekinokyojin/images/c/ca/Trost_anime.png/revision/latest?cb=20170821022042>
[img_slums]: <https://i.pinimg.com/originals/90/27/e0/9027e0aa70b93d7b0c54eadfcf3cb97c.jpg>

[img_drinking]: <https://64.media.tumblr.com/8c72645c2fa332c3a1c0db7e19784280/tumblr_pau01qBS2J1utki6to1_1280.png>

[snd_walk]: <https://freesound.org/data/previews/165/165181_3000652-lq.mp3>

[Eren]: 7447
[Mikasa]: 718
[Armin]: 4579
[Hannes]: 379

`bg`: [img_cover]
# Attack On Titan (Junkyard Demo)

`bg`: [#000]
> N: Our protagonists is suddenly awaken from his nap by a disturbing dream. In front of him staring down a young girl about the same age as him.

### A Dream
`bg`: [img_praire]
> R?|Eren: Huh? Mikasa?

> L|Mikasa: Let's start heading back.

> R?|Eren: Why am I here?

> L|Mikasa: You were sleeping that soundly?

> R?|Eren: No it just feels like I was having a really long dream. What was it again? I don't remember a thing.

> CC: Mikasa picks up the bundled wooden sticks from the ground

> L|Mikasa: Eren? Why are you crying?

> CC: Eren touches his wet cheek

> X|Eren

> X|Mikasa

`bg`: [img_town]
### Year 845 Shiganshina District
> CC: Exterior walls are crawling with giant humanoids trying to climb up

> CC: A preacher shouting at the top of his lungs in the middle of a busy crowd

> N: Listen up! The walls were made with the wisdom of God! The walls are the works of God! No matter the person, none may desecrate the walls!

> CC: Enter Eren and Mikasa walking back to town from gathering wooden sticks

> L|Eren: Don't tell anyone. About me crying.

> R|Mikasa: I won't. But for you to start crying for no reason... Why not ask Uncle to take a look at you?

> L|Eren: Don't be stupid! As if I could tell Dad.

> X|Mikasa

> R???|Hannes: What are you crying over, Eren?

> L|Eren: Hannes-san?

> L|Mikasa

> R|Hannes: Did you get scolded by Mikasa?

> L|Eren: Huh? What makes you think I'd cry?

> CC: Eren gets too close while talking to Hannes and smells something unpleasant.

> L|Eren: You reek of booze! 

> CC: Eren noticed something from a distance

`imgpop`: [img_drinking]

> L|Eren: You're drinking again?

> L|Hannes: Why don't you two join us?

> L|Eren: Well uh... What about work?

> L|Hannes: Ah, we're wall guards today. Having been here all day, hunger and thirst were bound to catch up with us.

`imgpop`: []

> L|Hannes: The fact that alcohol happened to be in our drinks is but a trivial matter.

> CC: Eren is noticeably unamused

> L|Eren: But will you be able to fight when you need to?

> R|Hannes: And when would that be?

> L|Eren: $angry$Isn't that obvious?! $angry$When they break down the wall and storm the city!

> R|Hannes: Oh damn. Hey, Eren don't start yelling so suddenly.

> CC: One of the drinking guards took notice of what's going on.

> N: You're really lively, doctor's son. If they ever manage to do that, you bet we'll get the job done. Then again, it's been nothing but peace and quiet these past 100 years.

> L|Eren: Even so, my dad said it's the most dangerous when everyone lets their guard down like that!

> R|Hannes: Dr Jaeger, huh? Come to think of it, Doc was the one who saved this town from an epidemic, and we're all greatly indebted to him. However, they are entirely a different matter. If you're a soldier there'll be times when you see them wandering outside while reinforcing the wall. Still, I can't imagine them being able to do anything about this fifty-meter tall wall.

> L|Eren: W-wait... So you're saying you don't even have the resolve to fight them to begin with?

> R|Hannes: Pretty much.

> L|Eren: $angry$Seriously?! $angry$Quit calling yourselves the "Stationed Army Corps", and go by "Wall Construction Corps" instead!

> R|Hannes: That doesn't sound half bad. But you know, Eren, to see soldiers working would't bode well for us all. It's when we're criticized by people who call us useless freeloaders that everyone's living in peace.

> CC: Eren making a fist in anger

> L|Eren: Even if we're confined within this walls, we can keep on living, just eating and sleeping. But... that would be as if... As if we're just cattle.

> CC: More drinking guards laughing and piling up to the conversation

> N: What a valiant little brat! Even though he can't do anything himself, right, Hannes?

> R|Hannes: Huh? Y-Yeah.

> CC: Eren and Mikasa walked pass the guards in discontent

> X|Eren

> X|Mikasa

> R|Hannes: Hey Eren! 

> N: What a queer kid.

`bg`: [#000]

> R|Hannes: Don' tell me... Does he want to join the Survey Corps? 

> X|Hannes

`bg`: [img_slums]

`soundclip`: [snd_walk]

> CC: Mikasa and Eren walking back to their house

> R|Mikasa: Eren, you should give up on joining the Survey Corps.

> L|Eren: What? You're gonna look down on them too?

> R|Mikasa: It doesn't have anything to do with how I see them--

> E|1: CLANG!

> E|5: CLANG!

> E|9: CLANG!

> L|Eren: The Survey Corps is back! The front gate is gonna open! Let's go Mikasa! It's the triumphant return of the heroes!

> X|Eren

> X|Mikasa

`bg`: [#000]

> N: To be continued...
