[bg_street]: <https://i.pinimg.com/originals/f4/91/be/f491be409b7f2101b73bc44d84eca03f.jpg>
[bg_city]: <https://wallpapercave.com/wp/wp6787276.png>
[bg_park]: <https://cutewallpaper.org/21/park-background-image/Download-Anime-Park-Background-High-quality-wallpaper-for-.jpg>
[bg_ramenhouse]: <https://i.pinimg.com/originals/64/0e/c2/640ec26a78812d36dde5fb5e8f3a2a84.jpg>

[img_ramen]: <https://gifimage.net/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/ramen-gif-8.gif>
[img_kota]: <https://static.shinji.xyz/unit-00/nft-images/ece4e228aa10a30770fcafad87d5c6288f54274ffe5f4d3f2c4255286862343e.png>
[img_keiko]: <https://static.shinji.xyz/unit-00/nft-images/ba820863a2a0b14e0fbc4c5d866c79a168c5ff905298ac20b820005e62f46b0e.png>
[img_boppin]: <https://static.shinji.xyz/unit-00/nft-images/be2ff6a2e90ef5483de401da97087367dbf9669c0706d449e58c9664fc5cc862.png>

[Kiyoshi]: 1672
[Keiko]: 5487
[Kota]: 1783
[Boppin]: 6096

`bg`: [bg_street]
# Ramen Street (Episode 1)
`bg`: []
### Exhausted  

> N: I can't believe this... I thought this would be my day. What does "too regular looking" even mean? Was it my hair? Maybe I should buy a new outfit or get one of those cool looking shades.

> CC: Checks scruffy looking wallet.

`bg`: [bg_city]

> R?|Kiyoshi: Welp, looks like my wallet doesn't agree with that suggestion. Maybe I should just get some early dinner.

> X|Kiyoshi

`bg`: [bg_street]

> E|3: grumble

> R?|Kiyoshi: I'm starving. I should probably hurry. I remember seeing Kage Bunshin stunt doubles shooting a scene down the park.

> X|Kiyoshi

> E|9: tap

> E|6: tap

> E|3: tap

`bg`: [bg_ramenhouse]

### A Friend

> R?|Kiyoshi: Perfect!

> N: Hmmm... What should I get? Gaaah! I'm so hungry I can't think.

> R?|Kiyoshi: I'll get the usual please!

> L???|Kota: Kiyoshi! Konnichi-wazaap brotha?!

> CC: Kiyoshi looks at the guy standing beside him.

> X|Kota

`imgpop`: [img_kota]

> R|Kiyoshi: Kota?

`imgpop`: []

> R|Kiyoshi: I haven't seen you since you started that gig a few weeks ago. What's up with the cape?

> E|7: hahaha

> L|Kota: Yeah, it's been great! I'm practically a celebrity now. 

> R|Kiyoshi: Congrats, I guess? What do you do exactly?

> L|Kota: Are you kidding me? I'm a stunt double dawg! 

> R|Kiyoshi: Oh, I didn't know. Wait, is that the show where the protagonist just one shots all the villains?

> L|Kota: Yeeep! W-Wait, what? Do I detect sarcasm? The show is a lot more complex now. I overheard one of the screenwriter chatting with my bro Sai. He said, the next villain will need two punches instead of one! Can you believe that? That's what I call a twist!

> R|Kiyoshi: Isn't that false marketing? Anyway, I'm happy for you. Unlike me, I got rejected. Again.

> L|Kota: Oh! Did you audition for that new show by shinji-DAO? What was it called again? Carbuncles of something?

> R|Kiyoshi: Chronicles of the Inhabited World! Well, it doesn't matter now I guess. I met uncle Niku during the audition. He said I looked "too regular". What does that even mean?

> L|Kota: Ah! I totally get what he means.

> R|Kiyoshi: Wait, what? 

> L|Kota: I mean, you have to be either extremely good looking, like me, or extremely weird looking to standout. You're neither of those my friend. What you need is a make owvaaa brotha!

> R|Kiyoshi: Yeah, I get it. I guess I just have to work with what I have. I thought of getting some new outfit and some cool props but I'm out of dough.

> L|Kota: Worry not my friend! I've been saving my paycheck and can finally repay you for covering my share of the rent.

> N: Orders' ready!

`imgpop`: [img_ramen]

> R|Kiyoshi: Oh that looks good!

> L|Kota: Enjoy it brotha, it's on me!

> R|Kiyoshi: Really? Sounds good to me!

`imgpop`: []

> X|Kiyoshi

> X|Kota

`bg`: #000

> CC: The two walks back to the apartment.

`bg`: [bg_street]

### The Girl

> R|Kiyoshi: Do you want to visit the park before we head back to the apartment? I need to get some change of scenery. I've been in non-stop auditions for a month now.

> L|Kota: Oh yeah! Ever since shinji-DAO opened, the park has been frequented by celebrities. I once bumped into Mr Yellow while doing my morning jog. That dude is hilarious! Who knows, we might get to see ZZ this time.

> R|Kiyoshi: I don't know any of those guys. Wait, is that Keiko?

> X|Kiyoshi

> X|Kota

`imgpop`: [img_keiko]

> L|Kota: Wazaaap, Keiko?! We're going to the park. My buddy Kiyoshi here was wondering if you want to come with us.

> X|Kota

> E|3: Whaaaa?!

`imgpop`: []

> R|Kiyoshi: Wait, I didn't say that! I-I mean, It's not that I don't want to go to the park with you! I-I mean, I do want to go to the park, b-but it's up to you if you want to go. I mean, I'm not particularly interested if you go or not. 

> N: Gaaah! What am I even rambling about? She'll totally think I'm a loser!

> R|Kiyoshi: H-Hi, Keiko.

> L|Keiko: Oh, hello guys! Are you going to the park? I'm on my way there to meet a friend. Can I walk with you guys?

> R|Kota:

> R|Kiyoshi: W-well sure, but I mean-.

> R|Kota: *Just stop talking dude*! Who's your park friend Keiko?

> L|Keiko: He's just an old friend of mine. He works in this new thing called shinji-DAO.

> R|Kiyoshi: Whaaat? You know someone from there?! And here I am, the most popular person I know is this guy beside me with a red cape.

`imgpop`: [img_kota]

> R|Kota: Thanks brotha!

> R|Kiyoshi: *That wasn't a compliment*.

`imgpop`: []

> L|Keiko: Ha-ha! It's no big deal. I guess, you guys should just meet him. Oh, this is perfect! He's a really cool guy! I'm pretty sure he'd love to meet both of you.

> R|Kota: This guy better be a lot more entertaining than Mr Yellow.

> R|Kiyoshi: Thank you, Keiko. We're excited to meet him.

> X|Kota

> X|Kiyoshi

> X|Keiko

`bg`: [bg_park]

### The Legend

> R|Keiko: He should be here somewhere. He said we'd meet around 5pm. It has been a couple of years since we last met so I'm not quite sure how much his looks changed.

> R|Kota: Oh, that's reassuring.

> R|Keiko: Ha-ha! I'm sure I'll recognize him when I see him.

> X|Kota

> N: Is that you Keiko? I almost didn't recognize you.

> R|Keiko: Huh?

> CC: Keiko excitedly turned around expecting to see her old friend.

`imgpop`: [img_boppin]

> R|Keiko: Boppin-kun?

> X|Keiko

`bg`: #000

`imgpop`: []

> N: つづく...
